Revamp docs directory and add more docs (#21)
ScratchAddons/website-v2: content/docs/reference/addon-api/addon.tab/_index.md

---
title: addon.tab
description: Allows addon userscripts to get information about the tab they're currently running on.
weight: 5
---

**NOT available in persistent scripts.**  
**Available in userscripts.**  

Allows addon userscripts to get information about the tab they're currently running on.

## Sub-APIs
### [addon.tab.traps](addon.tab.traps)

> Allows addons to get direct references to objects, which are particularly useful for enhancing the editor, like the Scratch VM, Thread objects, or Redux state on scratch-www pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows addons to get direct references to objects, which are particularly useful for enhancing the editor, like the Scratch VM or the Blockly instance.
```

### [addon.tab.redux](addon.tab.redux)
TODO

## Getters
### addon.tab.clientVersion
Currently, the Scratch community website has 2 working clients used throughout the site, one React based and another jQuery based. This getter allows addons to change your behavior depending on the version of the current page.  
Returns either `"scratch-www"` (React based), `"scratchr2"` (jQuery based) or `null`.
### addon.tab.editorMode

> If the tab is a project, it returns the viewing mode of the project: `"editor"`, `"fullscreen"` or `"embed"`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the tab is a project, it returns the viewing mode of the project: `"projectpage"`, `"editor"`, `"fullscreen"` or `"embed"`.  
```
